Updated to include foam_week_year (#1532)
foambubble/foam: docs/user/features/templates.md

- `FOAM_DATE_YEAR`: 4-digit year (e.g. 2025)
- `FOAM_DATE_MONTH`: 2-digit month (e.g. 09)
- `FOAM_DATE_WEEK`: ISO 8601 week number (e.g. 37)

> - `FOAM_DATE_WEEK_YEAR`: ISO 8601 week-numbering year (e.g. 2024) (may vary from calendar year near Jan 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `FOAM_DATE_WEEK_YEAR`: the year of the ISO 8601 week number. The year that contains the Thursday of the current week, may vary from calendar year near Jan 1. Often used with `FOAM_DATE_WEEK`.
```
